= nfrb

Nfrb is a very simple yet fast gem that can be used to parse nfcapd files.

== Usage

=== Installation 

==== Via Github, for development
   
   ~# git clone git://github.com/dguerri/nfrb.git
   ~# cd nfrb
   ~# bundle install
   ~# rake install

==== Via Rubygems, pre-release

  ~# gem install nfrb --pre

==== Bundler

  gem "nfrb", "~> 0.1.0.release"

=== Sample code

nfrb-bech.rb:

   require 'nfrb'
   
   raise ArgumentError, "Missing nfcapd files" if ARGV.count < 1
   
   nfparser = NfRb::NfReader.new
        
   i=0
   start_t = Time.now
   
   nfparser.process_files(ARGV) do |flow|
   # puts flow.inspect(); 
     i+=1 
   end
   
   stop_t = Time.now
   
   puts "#{i} flows processed in #{stop_t - start_t} seconds."
   puts "Flows per seconds = #{i / (stop_t - start_t)}"

=== Sample output benchmark (3.4 Ghz Intel Core i7)

   # bundle exec ruby nfrb-bech.rb nfcapd.201112181720 
   325602 flows processed in 0.67114 seconds.
   Flows per seconds = 488513.404029311

== Contributing to nfrb
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Davide Guerri. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

